windows-setup.md, before:

## Dependencies Setup (Windows)

The project was tested on Windows 10 with Visual Studio 2017. Currently only s3d, s3d_cv and s3d_ffmpeg build on Windows. Plans are to implement s3d_decklink for Windows to support S3DAnalyzer which depends on all core (s3d) libraries.

### OpenCV

clone [OpenCV Github](https://github.com/opencv/opencv.git)  
clone [OpenCV Contrib Github](https://github.com/opencv/opencv_contrib.git)  

```batch
cd opencv
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DOPENCV_EXTRA_MODULES_PATH=<opencv_contrib>/modules -G "Visual Studio 15 2017" :: use the compiler you wish to use here
```

Build OpenCV using Visual Studio in Debug + Release.
Building `INSTALL` project will create an `install` folder which you can copy directly to `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/opencv`.

### FFmpeg

The procedure was inspired from [this one](https://github.com/snikulov/ffmpeg_win_example/wiki/Full-build-procedure).

1- Download the "dev" and "shared" x86 versions from [here](https://ffmpeg.zeranoe.com/builds/).
2- Create a `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/ffmpeg` folder.
3- Copy the `bin` folder from the "shared" FFMPEG into `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/ffmpeg`.
4- Copy the `include` and `lib` folder from the "dev" FFMPEG into `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/ffmpeg`.

### Qt

1- Download [Qt](https://www1.qt.io/download-open-source/)
2- Install Qt from downloaded executable for your compiler (to C:/Qt)

Commit message:

Set correct path for OpenCV .dll

windows-setup.md, after:

# Windows Setup

## Dependencies

The project was tested on Windows 10 with Visual Studio 2017. Currently only s3d, s3d_cv and s3d_ffmpeg build on Windows. Plans are to implement s3d_decklink for Windows to support S3DAnalyzer which depends on all core (s3d) libraries.

### OpenCV

clone [OpenCV Github](https://github.com/opencv/opencv.git)  
clone [OpenCV Contrib Github](https://github.com/opencv/opencv_contrib.git)  

```batch
cd opencv
mkdir build
cd build
cmake .. -DOPENCV_EXTRA_MODULES_PATH=<opencv_contrib>/modules -G "Visual Studio 15 2017" :: use the compiler you wish to use here
```

Build OpenCV using Visual Studio in Debug + Release.
Building `INSTALL` project will create an `install` folder which you can copy directly to `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/opencv`.

### FFmpeg

The procedure was inspired from [this one](https://github.com/snikulov/ffmpeg_win_example/wiki/Full-build-procedure).

1- Download the "dev" and "shared" x86 versions from [here](https://ffmpeg.zeranoe.com/builds/).
2- Create a `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/ffmpeg` folder.
3- Copy the `bin` folder from the "shared" FFMPEG into `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/ffmpeg`.
4- Copy the `include` and `lib` folder from the "dev" FFMPEG into `<OpenS3D>/src/deps/ffmpeg`.

### Qt

1- Download [Qt](https://www1.qt.io/download-open-source/)
2- Install Qt from downloaded executable for your compiler (to C:/Qt)

## Generate Visual Studio Solution

Navigate to `<OpenS3D>/src/scripts` and run `generate-project.bat` which will set the appropriate environment variables and generate the Visual Studio Project using CMake (default is "Visual Studio 15 2017").

For now, to run the built code, FFmpeg and OpenCV `.dll` have to be added to the path (see <OpenS3D>/src/scripts/set-environment.bat). Alternatively, you may run `set-environment.bat` from the command line before running the program from the same command line. Eventually, these `.dll` should be copied to the build directory.
